## Program Description 
This program reads data from a team map file, a product master file, and a sales file then calculates team reports and 
product reports, and finally writes these reports to output files. This program can be executed by running report.py in
the console in this folder.

## Requirements
Python version 3.7 or higher is required to run this program. Ensure Python has been installed on your system and has 
been added to your PATH.

## Input Files
The input files, which are the team map, product master, and sales file should all be .csv files that contain the data 
described below.

### Team Map
Each row in the team map should correspond to one team and should have 2 columns:
* **Column 1**: Team ID (*int*)
* **Column 2**: Team Name (*string*)

The team map should also have a header, which can be anything you choose.

### Product Master
Each row in the product master should provide information about a single product and should have 4 columns:
* **Column 1**: Product ID (*int*)
* **Column 2**: Product Name (*string*)
* **Column 3**: Unit Price (*float*)
* **Column 4**: Lot Size (*int*)

### Sales
Each row in the sales file should correspond to one sale and should have 5 columns:
* **Column 1**: ID of the sale (*int*)
* **Column 2**: ID of the product sold (*int*)
* **Column 3**: ID of the team that made the sale (*int*) 
* **Column 4**: Lots Sold (*int*)
* **Column 5**: Discount given in percent (*float*)

## Output Files

### Team Report
Each row details the revenue generated by a team:
* **Column 1**: Team Name
* **Column 2**: Revenue from this team

### Product Report
Each row details sales data for a product:
* **Column 1**: Product Name
* **Column 2**: Gross Revenue (before discounts)
* **Column 3**: Units Sold
* **Column 4**: Cost of all discounts

## File locations
The file locations have defaults set in utils/file_IO/config.py which can be overwritten.

* The default location for the input files is at /Input Files
* The default location for the output files is at /Output Files

## File Names
The file names have defaults set in utils/file_IO/config.py, but may be overwritten by command line arguments which are 
detailed below. None of the arguments specified below are required to run the program, but they all require an argument 
if they are included in the execution.

Specify the name of the team map .csv input file with:

    -t {the name of the file to read} 
or 

    --team-map={the name of the file to read}

Specify the name of the product master input file with:

    -p {the name of the file}
or 

    --product-master={the name of the file to read}

Specify the name of the sales file with:
    
    -s {the name of the file}
or 

    --sales={the name of the file to read}

Specify the name of the team report file with:

    --team-report={the name of the file to write}

Specify the name of the product report file with:

    --product-report={the name of the file to write}

## Example Execution
    python report.py -t TeamMap.csv -p ProductMaster.csv -s Sales.csv --team-report=TeamReport.csv --product-report=ProductReport.csv